Přidáno: 

Zbraně do DBS 

Charactery do DBS 

 ====================================
2 hráči
=====================================
Hráč1: prvni
 Zbraň: LMG Hráč2: druhy 
 ====================================
CombatSystem
=====================================
DMG: 63 | Accuracy: 70 | ActionPointLoss: 8 | BaseHealth: 110 | BaseArmor: 0 | BaseActionPoint: 10 | CurrHealth :110 | CurrArmor: 0 | CurrActionPoint: 2 | 
 ====================================
LootBox
=====================================
získaný item: Brokovnice
získaný item: Maceta
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Sniperka
získaný item: AK-74U
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: CZ vz. 75
získaný item: Granát
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Ammo
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
získaný item: Health
